docs/troubleshooting-rbe: improve docs with llm (#8213)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: docs/troubleshooting-rbe.md

```

This error indicates that Bazel cannot find file(s) in the BuildBuddy Remote Cache that it expects to be present.

The first step in verifying this issue is to copy the hash of the missing blob.
Then, navigate to the Invocation URL -> Cache -> "Cache requests" and paste the hash into the Filter input.
This will show whether Bazel has attempted to upload the blob to the BuildBuddy Remote Cache.

If Bazel attempted to upload the blob but failed, you should see multiple retry attempts for the same blob.
The number of retry attempts and the delay between retries can be configured using the `--remote_retries` (default 5) and `--remote_retry_max_delay` (default 5s) flags.
Additionally, `--experimental_collect_system_network_usage` (default true since Bazel 8) can be used to collect network usage data on the Bazel host machine.
This network data will be displayed as a graph in the "Timing" tab of the Invocation page.

If there was no attempt by Bazel to upload the missing blob, this signifies a mismatch between Bazel's local state and the BuildBuddy Remote Cache.

> In a previous invocation (often with Build without the Bytes enabled), Bazel's local state might have been configured to assume that the blob already exists in the Remote Cache.

Reviewer: `Bazel's local state might have been updated`?

Author: Yeah yours is definitely better

```suggestion
In a previous invocation (often with Build without the Bytes enabled), Bazel's local state might have been updated to assume that the blob already exists in the Remote Cache.
```

However, over time, the blob may have been evicted from the BuildBuddy Remote Cache without Bazel's knowledge.

The ideal solution is for Bazel to either re-upload the missing blob or re-execute the action that created it.
This process is also known as "Action Rewinding" in Bazel.

> However, due to the complexity of Bazel's codebase, this feature isn't fully implemented yet.

Reviewer: Is it enough to say "However, this feature isn't implemented yet." ?

Author: It's a good question. Technically there was a previous incarnation of this feature that is guarded behind this undocumented flag https://cs.opensource.google/bazel/bazel/+/master:src/main/java/com/google/devtools/build/lib/buildtool/BuildRequestOptions.java;l=348-354;drc=ee698448c8fe6f4e573e1fc1bbe14807c75b4c8f;bpv=0;bpt=1

I prefer to think of it as an experimental alpha version.

But I think what we want is a "newer" version that is more stable and backward compatible.

I guess we can just think of them as 2 separate features and call the one we want unavailable? cc: @fmeum 

```suggestion
However, this feature is not yet available in Bazel 8.
```
